= Redmine Burndown by Version Graphs
== redmine_version_burndown_charts

Version Burndown Charts Plugin create burndown chart graph for scrum from ticket's estimated hours and percent-done in target version.

== Details
* The start date of the burndown chart is assumed to be earliest start date in the ticket in the version.
* The line of performanse is calculated by the completion date of the ticket (by journal file) and the ticket's estimated hours and %Done. 

== Plugin Installation
* Install open_flash_chart 2.1.1.
    If you want to get from Github, please use following command.

    cd ${REDMINE_ROOT}
    ./script/plugin install git://github.com/pullmonkey/open_flash_chart.git

* Clone Version Burndown Charts.
    If you want to get from GIthub, please use following command.

    cd ${REDMINE_ROOT}
    git clone git://github.com/drlongnecker/redmine_version_burndown_charts.git
        vendor/plugins/redmine_version_burndown_charts

* Update plugins
    rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production

* Kill/stop existing Redmine processes and restart
    script/server -e production -p 3000 -d
* Login and configure the plugin (Administration > Roles and permissions > Permissions report)
* Configure the project (Project > Settings > Modules).
* Create version and set due date.
* Create ticket and set start date, estimated hours.
* Logged ticket status...
* Click 'Burndown' in the project menu.

== Note
=== 0.2.0
* Updated to work with Redmine 1.3.devel and new routing scheme.

=== 0.1.0 [diapresents]
* I tested this plugin Redmine 1.1.2 + MySQL5.1.
* Adjust Perfect Line straight.
* Added Upper and Lower line.
* Modified caluculation logic that only use child issue's value.
* Modified meaning of done. This plugin use "% Done" value.
* 0.1.0 feature made by asura(https://github.com/asura). Thank you!

=== 0.0.6 [diapresents]
* I tested this plugin Redmine 1.0.5 + MySQL5.1. 
* Added feature: Perfect Line

=== 0.0.5 [diapresents]
* I tested this plugin Redmine 0.9.2 + MySQL5.1.

== License
This plugin is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3.

